High in this video we're going to look at how we can modify and extend named couples now named couples
are immutable.
So how can we possibly modify them and extend them.
And the answer is we can't name couple is a couple.
So it's immutable.
So we can't do it it's just like a string.
Now we can modify strings in the sense that we can take an existing String do some manipulations on
it and essentially create a new string.
And the same thing happens with apples and therefore name topples as well.
Let's take a very simple example let's look at this point to the which is our you know our point to
the name of that we have it has two fields x and y.
These are the x and y coordinates and we create a point at the origin 0 0.
And now that said that we want to change the value of the x coordinate what we cannot change the value
of the X candidate.
We cannot mutate point with we have to do is we have to create a new point and provide a new value for
x and retain the old value for y.
That's how we're going to create a new point.
That's how we're going to change this point.
So what we would do it this way it's very simple we say point equals.
Now you'll notice what's happening here is I'm creating a new object point to D and assigning it to
the same label.
So the memory address of Petey's here and here has changed but what have I done.
I've changed the value that I want for X.
I've now made it a 100.
And I went and looked up the old value of the Y or that it and used that in my new point.
So now I have a new point that has the modified x value but the memory address of P-T has changed just
as it is with strings if you say as equals plus a few concatenate.
Let's say the character of your string you've created a new string.
Now there is a drawback though and it's pretty major one.
Let's take a look at a more complicated name.
Let's let's go back to our stock name topple which has Simbel your month.
They open high low close.
That's quite a few fields.
If we want to use the same technique to basically change something in here then let's say it's the close
feel.
Here's how we would have to write it.
I would have to write stock and then we'd have to pull the old symbol your money they open high low
from our existing variable DJIA and then just provide a new value for close.
Well that's pretty painful to do.
OK.
This really isn't very clean code.
It's difficult to read and it's a pain to type.
So maybe we can use slicing or unpacking.
Let's take a look.
Let's say we have this stock again and again we want to modify the close.
Right.
So we could look at the slice this way we could go up to but not including the seventh element.
So this would basically give us a top or containing all these values up to and including the low.
Right.
The 26:26.
So we can also use Tatkal unpacking instead of using slicing and we can do it this way we can basically
take everything and except the last item they will throw into this variable called underscore.
So it's going to put close the last item into underscore and the rest.
All these items here up to and including 26 to 60 will go into the variable current.
So we can do it either way.
The only difference is that when you use a slice you get a table back and when you use the unpacking
you get a list back.
So just be aware of that.
Now how do we create a new stock based off of that.
Well we have to pass stock eight parameters eight arguments.
That's what it expects.
So we can take the arguments that are in current and we unpack them into positional arguments.
So this will work whether current is a tuple or a list.
It doesn't matter.
So we've got to unpack those seven values into seven positional arguments and then we provide the positional
argument that we want.
And essentially this will not create a new Dow Jones and a new stock that we're assigning to the DJI
a variable that will contain all these values.
But the last one now will be 26 394.
There is another thing that we can do.
There is an underscore make class method named tuples provide but in order to use that it basically
expects a single argument which is an iterable.
So in other words it expects a tuple or a list or any kind of iterable that will contain eight values
and then it will use that for the eight values for the fields.
So the only difference here is that we have to build that iterable first.
So in the case of the current though where we get a couple bakso using the slice we would have to extend
or I would have to create a new topple based off the current top all Plus we concatenate another topple
onto the end of it.
So this novel give us a new table that will contain those eight values if we were doing it using the
unpacking then current would be a list and that's maybe a little simpler.
We just append this value to the list.
And now that we have that we have now that new values is going to be this sequence whether it's a top
of her list will depend on whether we started off with current as a list or current as a topple.
But at the end of the day we get an iterable that contains these eight values and now we can call this
underscore make method on stock passing it the single argument which is the iterable.
So that's the only difference is that this is a single argument but it must be an iterable and it must
contain those eight values.
But of course even that approach has some drawbacks.
Let's take a look.
Let's say that we have that example again and what we want to do here is we want to change the value
of the day.
So somewhere in the middle of this list well we can't use extended unpacking.
I mean if you think about it here's the way we might try and approach this would have everything before
the day the day and everything after the day.
Well the problem is that this makes absolutely no sense because Python has no idea where this day is.
Is it the first element is it the third element.
It doesn't know that.
So you know when we do extended unpacking we can only have one of these star operations we can have
more than one.
So this isn't even valid python.
And it makes no sense.
However we can use slicing so we can do it this way we can slice DJIA and take everything before the
index 3 which is the day and then take everything after index 3 so starting at 4 all the way to the
end of the tuple.
So if we do that we can now create a new topical with prie concatenated with 26 which is the new value
for the day concatenated with everything that came afterwards.
So now this would give us a new topic that contains all the values that we want.
So that's great.
Now we can create a new stock using those new values again remembering to unpack new values if we're
going to use the constructor of stock or we can just use the underscore make and just pass in the iterable
directly which would be nouvelles.
So either way you know that will work.
But of course it still has some drawbacks.
And here's what it is.
Let's say we want to modify both the day and the high values.
So now we want to modify the date which is at index 3 and the high which is index 5.
How would we go about doing that.
Well no it becomes more complicated.
Now I have to take everything up to but not including three.
I've got to put in the new value for the day.
Then I have to take everything from here but not including five.
I've done it as a slice.
You could have done it as a parentheses.
DJIA four square bracket comma to make a topple out of it.
But if you do a slice this will just get a single element out of this and return it as a topple because
slices of return the same original data type.
And then I have to put in the new value for my high and then I have to put in the rest.
So this is really you know and then you can create your own new stock instance this way.
So that's really unreadable.
I mean it's it's very difficult for someone else to come in understand what you know what's going on
here and it's very error and you have the right indexes are you stopping where you need to and so on.
It's really a pain.
So there has to be a better way.
And indeed there is there's a better way the name topples will actually also create an underscore replace
method that is going to be an instance method and the way it works is that it will copy an existing
name Top also an instance into a new one but it will replace any values based on the keyword arguments
that are passed to the underscore replace.
And the keyword arguments are simply the field names in the top.
And the new value that we want to assign to that particular field.
The only caveat is that the keyword name must match an existing field name in the top all that you're
calling underscore replace on.
So let's see a simple example.
Let's go back again to our stock and we want to change now the day the high and the close.
Well that's very simple.
We take our existing instance DJIA and then we call the underscore replace method and we pass it as
he would arguments the name of the field.
And the new value that we want.
So we want to change day to 26.
High to those close to that.
And now we have a new instance of the stock class right.
The idea of DJI here.
And the idea of DJIA over here is no longer the same after we've called the underscore replace it had
to create a new total and we have the values that we wanted modified.
So now let's talk about extending a name topic.
So sometimes we want to create a name topple that just extends another name.
And what I mean by extension extension here is appending one or more fields to the existing table.
So for example let's say we have our stock named topple and now we want to create a new type of class
a new name of a class called stock XTi.
That just adds a single field to this list over here called previous calls.
I want to track the previous code from the previous day or the previous trading day.
So when dealing with subclasses you might do something using subclassing to add a field essentially
to an existing class but you have named topples.
It's more complicated than that because we have an underlying topple.
These are immutable.
We can just add something to it so it's more complicated and there's a much cleaner way of doing it.
Anyways let's take a look.
So let's just start simple.
Let's take a point to the class that has two fields x and y.
And now we want to create a point three-D named topple that has an extra parameter.
So we want X Y and Z in it.
Now obviously the simplest approach here is just to do it this way.
Point 3D equals name nine point 3D x y z.
But that's not what I'm trying to show.
I want to show how we might want to use the existing point to D to generate point 3D because what happens
if you have a lot of fields.
Let's say the stuck.
Right.
We have a lot of them.
How would we add previous close to this now.
Well using that technique we would have to write something like this out which again is a pain it's
error prone.
I even had to make the font smaller in order to fit it on the slide.
So that's not the best approach either.
Instead why don't we just use the field the field names that we can recover from point to D.
Remember the under Scofield's property.
Let's go ahead and use that instead.
So let's take a look at that example again and if we look at the under Field's property it's going to
give us a tuple containing all the fields in a string.
OK.
The field names are strings and that will be a tuple of those strings.
So now all we need to do is just extend this tuple here.
We need to add an additional element to it.
Previous codes in order to get a new tuple of field names so we can do it this way we can say new fields
equals stock dot under Schofields Plus the string previous close now concatenating tuples.
So I need to make this into a top so I can't just concatenate the string.
So this is just a very common way of doing it.
And now I can create my new extended stock using name topples Toqui XTi new fields.
OK.
So now I've essentially extended my my stock into stock XTi but it was pretty simple because all I had
to do was reference the underscore Fields property of my original name top.
So that's what I mean by extending a name topple.
It's creating a new name of class but it's using the previous ones under Scofield's property in order
to create the new one.
So now how about extending the van.
Let's say that we have an instance of a stock named topple and we want to create a stock Eckstine name
topple But we want to try and grab all the values from stock and then just append the new value that
we have with previous calls.
So again let's take a look at this example we have that stock.
OK.
And then we have all stock XTi which is the extended one which has the previous close field.
So now we have this instance of stock which has that but it's missing the close value that we want the
close the previous quarter value that we want.
Well it's very simple.
We can just create an instance of stock X T we can unpack the values in the DJIA Toppo.
So that's going to unpack this into positional arguments.
DJIA 2018 125 and so on.
And then we're just going to add one more positional argument 26000.
So that's going to create our extended stock.
Now of course we can also just use the underscore make if you want to remember the underscore make just
requires an iterable.
So what we need to do here is we need to take DJIA which is itself an iterable and then we need to concatenate
onto it the new value that we want for previous close.
And again we've got to do to pull concatenation so we can do it that way.
All right let's switch to some code and let's just see all this in action.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you in a bit.